{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\*\tmtxbx }{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset130 Basic Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 SimSun;}{\f2\froman\fcharset130 Basic Roman;}{\f3\froman\fcharset130 Courier-PS;}{\f4\froman\fcharset130 Basic Roman;}{\f5\froman
\fcharset130 Basic Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;\red230\green230\blue230;
\red204\green204\blue204;\red179\green179\blue179;\red153\green153\blue153;\red127\green127\blue127;\red102\green102\blue102;\red77\green77\blue77;\red51\green51\blue51;}{\stylesheet {\s1\ltrpar\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\level0\sb0\sa0
\sbauto0\saauto0\nowidctlpar\sl0\hyphpar1\rtlch\af0\afs20\alang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\afs20\alang1033\hich\af0\afs20\alang1033\loch\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0\b0\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1\strike0\v0\caps0\lang1033\chcbpat0
\highlight0\snext1 Normal;}{\s2\ltrpar\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\level1\sb240\sa60\sbauto0\saauto0\nowidctlpar\sl0\keepn\hyphpar1\keep\rtlch\af0\afs36\alang1033\ab\ltrch\dbch\af1\afs36\alang1033\ab\hich\af0\afs36\alang1033\ab\loch\f0
\fs36\cf0\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0\b1\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1\strike0\v0\caps0\lang1033\chcbpat0\highlight0\sbasedon1\snext1 Heading 1;}{\s3\ltrpar\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\level2\sb240\sa60\sbauto0\saauto0\nowidctlpar\sl0\keepn
\hyphpar1\keep\rtlch\af0\afs32\alang1033\ab\ltrch\dbch\af1\afs32\alang1033\ab\hich\af0\afs32\alang1033\ab\loch\f0\fs32\cf0\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0\b1\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1\strike0\v0\caps0\lang1033\chcbpat0\highlight0
\sbasedon2\snext1 Heading 2;}{\s4\ltrpar\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\level3\sb240\sa60\sbauto0\saauto0\nowidctlpar\sl0\keepn\hyphpar1\keep\rtlch\af0\afs28\alang1033\ab\ltrch\dbch\af1\afs28\alang1033\ab\hich\af0\afs28\alang1033\ab\loch
\f0\fs28\cf0\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0\b1\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1\strike0\v0\caps0\lang1033\chcbpat0\highlight0\sbasedon3\snext1 Heading 3;}{\s5\ltrpar\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\level0\sb0\sa0\sbauto0\saauto0\nowidctlpar\sl0\hyphpar0
\rtlch\af3\afs20\alang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\afs20\alang1033\hich\af3\afs20\alang1033\loch\f3\fs20\cf0\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0\b0\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1\strike0\v0\caps0\lang1033\chcbpat0\highlight0\sbasedon1\snext5 Plain Text;
}{\s6\ltrpar\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\level0\sb0\sa0\sbauto0\saauto0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9361\sl0\hyphpar1\rtlch\af0\afs20\alang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\afs20\alang1033\hich\af0\afs20\alang1033\loch\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0
\b0\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1\strike0\v0\caps0\lang1033\chcbpat0\highlight0\sbasedon1\snext6 Footer;}{\*\cs7\rtlch\af0\afs20\alang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\afs20\alang1033\hich\af0\afs20\alang1033\loch\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\charscalex100
\expndtw0\b0\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1\strike0\v0\caps0\lang1033\chcbpat0 Normal;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info {\title }{\subject }{\author }{\keywords }{\doccomm }{\operator }{\creatim\yr2019\mo4\dy14\hr13\min18\sec56 }{\revtim
\yr2019\mo4\dy14\hr13\min24\sec2 }}\deflang1033\widowctrl\hyphauto\paperw12241\paperh15841\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\guttersxn0\vertalt\footery567 {\footer\ltrpar\pard\ltrpar\s6\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\level0
\sb0\sa0\sbauto0\saauto0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9361\sl0\hyphpar1\rtlch\af0\afs20\alang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\afs20\alang1033\hich\af0\afs20\alang1033\loch\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0\b0\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1
\strike0\v0\caps0\lang1033\chcbpat0\highlight0 {\field {\*\fldinst { PAGE \\* Arabic }}{\fldrslt {27}}}\par
}\ltrpar\pard\ltrpar\s1\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\level0\sb0\sa0\sbauto0\saauto0\nowidctlpar\tx4230\sl0\hyphpar1\rtlch\af0\afs20\alang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\afs20\alang1033\hich\af0\afs20\alang1033\loch\f0\fs20\cf1\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0
\b0\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1\strike0\v0\caps0\lang1033\chcbpat0\highlight0 houghtful Pity - By Some or All, the Sculpture Represents Poet Dante Alighieri or is Derived From His Poetry, Respectively, A Work of French Scul
ptor Auguste Rodin. I RESPECT PRIVACY - No Willful Recording Whatsoever (Presume Google ad tracking).\par
\par
https://www.firingsite.com/p/bklets-testing.html\par
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e7/Francisco_Jos%C3%A9_de_Goya_-_The_Repentant_St._Peter_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg \par
APOSTLE SAINT PETER Courtesy:FranciscoGoya/WebGalleryOfArt~Repentance~~~Contrition~~~~~~~Conversion\par
\par
110+ BOOKMARKLETS (more mischief)\par
Link to Home page:\'a0https://www.firingsite.com/ (or its link far below)\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f 110+ BOOKMARKLETS \u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f\par
\par
Note: Later I will be offering access to a download file at my GitHub site of all of these bookmarklets (free of course).\par
\par
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0However, until then, consider copying all the bookmarklets of this post. There is a right page column download option labeled "PDF OF PAGE ~ TO SAVE AS, PLEASE SELECT BELOW". However, although totally unsure
 of this, at times it seems a PDF copy of bookmarklet JavaScript may be slightly less accurate. Again, I am totally unsure of this. You may want to consider running the "Links as URLs" bookmarklet on this page [2.010] (or
 a comparable bookmarklet also under the second category heading below [2.020]), then copying all of the post from the screen. Consider either or both.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f 110+ BOOKMARKLETS \u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f\par
\par
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0I have no excuse for more mischief in my old age. Far from an expert, I am merely having fun in awe over the ingenious talent behind these bookmarklets of wonder.\par
\par
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0Because this is JavaScript, I believe the bookmarklets will work with many browsers/operating systems/devices, BUT IMPORTANTLY, THEY EITHER WILL NOT WORK WITH ALL OR THEY WILL NOT WORK FULLY WITH ALL.\'a0Of 
course, this also includes what others or I have described. Further, I have not fully disclosed all compatibility information or considerations of browsers/operating systems/and/or devices.\'a0Therefore. you must visit th
e source code site to check for, or request, compatibility information that may exist.\'a0PLEASE KEEP ALL OF THE ABOVE IN MIND.\par
\par
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0Although bookmarklets have great value, other than for those with technical interest (an open interest worth respectable hope for all without exception), I believe as a practical matter it is best to test-tr
y them without spending much time in the process, merely keeping the ones that work and moving on. Mindful being old I am loaded with error and far from an expert, nevertheless, you may want to consider any of the followi
ng four suggestions when having problems :\par
\par
(1) alternate running from a JavaScript bookmark, to direct entry of the JavaScript in the browser's URL field, or vice versa,\'a0\par
\par
(2) obtaining a fresh source code copy (or where provided, a "My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript").\par
\par
(3) On occasion or depending on circumstances, you may want to test it in an alternate type of browser/operating system. Primarily for Windows operating system, but also working for some others, see listed at the bottom b
ookmarklet list, "Subsimple Bookmarklets", where often multiple JavaScripts for various individual browsers are provided (WorldTimZone also may have a few). Some others on the bookmarklet list or some source code sites pr
ovided for individual bookmarklets below will indicate browsers/operating systems with compatibility. Note regarding Internet Explorer: it may have a 2,082 character limit, so keep this in mind because I believe a few her
e may exceed that, and/or\par
\par
(4) converting the source code more so in bookmarklet format using, e.g., PasteTool, http://pastetool.com/generators/bookmarklet/ , Bookmarkleter, https://chriszarate.github.io/bookmarkleter/ , Bookmarklet Creator with Sc
ript Includer - Peter Coles, https://mrcoles.com/bookmarklet/ , etc.\par
\par
\par
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0You can save the JavaScript as a bookmark, or if your browser will not save the JavaScript like a URL, save it in a bookmark title. Then you can later copy/paste it in the browser's URL field (before running
 it, if needed, edit it even in the URL field to be exactly as the JavaScript appears below). In all cases, at least consider conveniently accessing your bookmarklets online in an individual display menu by saving them wi
th W-Shadow's bookmarklet combiner (free), by Janis Elsts, https://w-shadow.com/bookmarklet-combiner/ .\par
\par
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0Copy the JavaScript directly on the screen just as it appears on the screen below. Naturally, many may want to try a different method, so all bookmarklets have no less than one alternate JavaScript source pr
ovided if you desire trying that (and see and use, if needed, the Links as URLs bookmarklet below, or a comparable bookmarklet). The "My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript" wherever referred to below will often be the mo
st convenient for some, especially those with mobile devices when more than one alternate source is provided. Once there, merely select the "Raw" option and copy all of the Raw page (i.e., "Select all").\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
The category headings below are as follows:\par
\par
1. USEFUL / POPULAR COMBINATION\par
2. WORKING ON & INQUIRY WITH WEB PAGES & LINKS, PRIVACY CONCERNS\par
3. TRANSLATE\par
4. BOOKMARKS & SHARING\par
5. GENERAL, SITE & TECHNICAL SEARCH\par
6. PAGE CAPTURES\par
7. MAPS\par
8. TECHNICAL, FAR SO FOR ME\par
9. SAFETY\par
10. IMAGES\par
11. LANGUAGE & BIBLE, LANGUAGE & INFORMATION SEARCH\par
12. WEB CODE\par
13. MISCELLANEOUS\par
14. SOME BOOKMARKLET LISTS\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f1. USEFUL / POPULAR COMBINATION\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Post to Blogger. [1.010] This allows you to post an active link of the page title of the page you are on to your Blogger blog, deciding if it should be saved as a draft or published, together with whatever else
 you want to add to it. The source code site is Bookmarklets, By Sacha Schmid: https://sacha.me/bookmarklets/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:popw='';Q='';x=document;y=window;if(x.selection) \{Q=x.selection.createRange().text;\} else if (y.getSelection) \{Q=y.getSelection();\} else if (x.getSelection) \{Q=x.getSelection();\}popw = y.open('http://www.
blogger.com/blog_this.pyra?t=' + escape(Q) + '&u=' + escape(location.href) + '&n=' + escape(document.title),'bloggerForm','scrollbars=no,width=475,height=300,top=175,left=75,status=yes,resizable=yes');if (!document.all) T
 = setTimeout('popw.focus()',50);void(0);\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f GMail This! [1.020] "Select some text on the webpage and click the Gmail bookmarklet to compose a new email message pre-populated with the selected text", or do not select anything and it will paste the title (
in the email subject area) and the URL (in the email body area) of the page you are on to an email in your Gmail, together with your required entry of a recipient email address (and whatever else you want to add to it). T
he source code site is: https://www.labnol.org/internet/guide-to-useful-bookmarklets/7931/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:popw='';Q='';x=document;y=window;if(x.selection) \{Q=x.selection.createRange().text;\} else if (y.getSelection) \{Q=y.getSelection();\} else if (x.getSelection) \{Q=x.getSelection();\}popw = y.open('https://mai
l.google.com/mail?view=cm&tf=0&to=&su=' + escape(document.title) + '&body=' + escape(Q) + escape('\\n') + escape(location.href),'gmailForm','scrollbars=yes,width=680,height=510,top=175,left=75,status=no,resizable=yes');if
 (!document.all) T = setTimeout('popw.focus()',50);void(0);\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Gmail This. [1.030] Similar to the bookmarklet immediately above, you may want to try selecting some text on the webpage with this one too, but it will quickly paste the title (in the email subject area) and th
e URL (in the email body area) of the page you are on to an email in your Gmail, together with your required entry of a recipient email address (and whatever else you want to add to it). My use has an unnecessary n, i.e.,
 nhttps://..., in the URL that is quickly correctable. The source code site is: https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivity-ultimate-list/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:popw='';Q='';x=document;y=window;if(x.selection)%20%7BQ=x.selection.createRange().text;%7D%20else%20if%20(y.getSelection)%20%7BQ=y.getSelection();%7D%20else%20if%20(x.getSelection)%20%7BQ=x.getSelection();%7Dpo
pw%20=%20y.open('https://mail.google.com/mail/?view=cm&fs=1&tf=1&to=&su='%20+%20escape(document.title)%20+%20'&body='%20+%20escape(Q)%20+%20escape('n')%20+%20escape(location.href)%20+%20'&zx=RANDOMCRAP&shva=1&disablechatb
rowsercheck=1&ui=1','gmailForm','scrollbars=yes,width=680,height=510,top=175,left=75,status=no,resizable=yes');if%20(!document.all)%20T%20=%20setTimeout('popw.focus()',50);void(0);\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Email this Page Bookmarklet. [1.040] However, consider the "NOTE" immediately below regarding your choice of using an alternate email client that this tries to primarily address. "Here\u8217\'92s a simple bookm
arklet that will make it even easier for you to use Joliprint. ... While on a web page that you want to email yourself, click the bookmarklet and it will compose a new message in your default email client [Emphasis added 
(further, it will likely provide you with a choice of email client)] with all the essential field pre-populate \u8211\'96 just hit the send button and wait for the PDF to arrive. Simple! ...". You mat not receive a PDF of
 the page from Joliprint, but likely will receive the page title and URL in your email's sent folder, and if you go one simple step further entering your email address in its cc/bc field (or simply replace mypdf@joliprint
.com in the To field with your email address (or add it to mypdf@joliprint.com)), you likely will also receive the page title and URL in your email's inbox. The source code site is: https://www.labnol.org/internet/email-w
ebpages/19812/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:location.href='mailto:mypdf@joliprint.com?subject='+document.title+'&body='+escape(location.href)\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f NOTE: [1.045] I should mention that "Share It!" (under the BOOKMARKS & SHARING fourth category below) with its voluminous options, has Gmail, AOL Mail and other email services options. It even includes a field 
to search for your email service.\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f pagespeedThis. [1.050] "A very simple bookmarklet that analyses the pagespeed of the current page in the browser". NO, although I believe that God loves humility and I know that I do, fairly stated, this bookma
rklet does FAR more. This links you up into Google developers' most competent hands, and they are oh! so helpful in their very detailed observations with suggestions to improve both mobile and desktop visitors page load s
peed on your site. All should fully appreciate this. This bookmarklet's source code site is (select "Raw" and copy the page): https://github.com/kimblim/pagespeedThis/blob/master/pagespeedThis.js , with javascript as foll
ows:\par
\par
javascript:window.location='https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/?url='+encodeURI(window.location);\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f RSS autodiscovery bookmarklet - Laughing Meme. [1.060] This bookmarklet's JavaScript will not save properly here. However, it can be obtained at either the source code site, http://laughingmeme.org/2002/11/04/r
ss-autodiscovery-bookmarklet ,\'a0or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page): https://github.com/flawpc/RSS-autodiscovery/blob/master/RSS-autodiscovery .\'a0 \par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Pick feed and subscribe in Feedly. [1.070] It does just as the title implies. You will select the RSS URL in a pop-up window that will appear, and then it will take you to your Feedly account to accept it to fo
llow, to categorize it, and whatever. The source code site is: https://gist.github.com/kasparsd/622b9e9f6e5a7d15b191 , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:void%20function()\{var%20e=document.getElementsByTagName(%22link%22);for(li%20in%20e)if(e[li].rel%26%26(-1!==e[li].type.indexOf(%22rss+xml%22)||-1!==e[li].type.indexOf(%22atom+xml%22))%26%26confirm(e[li].href))
return%20void%20window.open(%22http://feedly.com/i/subscription/feed/%22+e[li].href,%22_blank%22);alert(%22No%20valid%20feeds%20found!%22)\}();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Top News Feed bookmarklet [1.075] for Facebook, Google+, Twitter, VK, Soundcloud, Mixcloud. ... go to any Facebook/Twitter/VK/Google+/Soundcloud/Mixcloud Profile and run it. By clicking the settings icon on th
e right, you can choose how many News Feed pages will be requested". The source code site is: https://niutech.github.io/topnewsfeed/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()%7Bvar%20a%3Ddocument.createElement(%22link%22)%3Ba.rel%3D%22stylesheet%22%3Ba.href%3D%22%2F%2Fniutech.github.io%2Ftopnewsfeed%2Ftopnewsfeed.css%22%3Ba.onload%3Dfunction()%7Bvar%20a%3D(getComputedSty
le(b)).fontFamily%3Beval(a.substring(1%2Ca.length-1).replace(%2F%5C%5C(.)%2Fg%2C%22%241%22))%7D%3Bdocument.body.appendChild(a)%3Bvar%20b%3Ddocument.createElement(%22div%22)%3Bb.id%3D%22topnewsfeed%22%3Bdocument.body.appen
dChild(b)%7D)()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3fA bookmarklet for taking notes in the browser. Take notes, paste/edit/copy. Sometimes you really do need a fast and easy pad while surfing the Web to familiarize yourself with and truly speed things up. [1.080] 
The source code site is PixelRobot, https://gist.github.com/PixelRobot/456b807549c729db0976 , that was then converted with PasteTool, http://pastetool.com/generators/bookmarklet/ , with source code converted javascript as
 follows:\par
\par
javascript:!function()\{(function(o)\{o.write('%3Cbody%20contenteditable%20style=%22font:12px%20monospace;%20max-width:50em;%20margin:0;%20padding:10px;%22%3E');var%20e=%22PixelRobot%22,n=o.querySelector(%22body%22);void%
200!=localStorage[e]%3Fn.innerHTML=localStorage[e]:n.innerHTML=%22Type%20your%20notes%20here%22,n.oninput=function()\{localStorage[e]=n.innerHTML\}\})(document)\}();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f HTML5 notepad. [1.090] This opens a notepad to take notes, paste/edit/copy. Sometimes you really do need a fast and easy pad while surfing the Web to familiarize yourself with and truly speed things up. The sou
rce code site is: http://jkirchartz.com/demos/bookmarklets.html , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{window.open("http://jkirchartz.com/demos/HTML5notepad.html","HTML5 notepad","width=800,height=600");\})()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Add an event to Google Calendar: [1.100] Add event. You can select some text from a web page or enter the description of an event after you click on the bookmarklet.". The source code site is: https://googlesy
stem.blogspot.com/2007/07/useful-google-bookmarklets.html#gsc.tab=0 , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:var s;if(window.getSelection)\{s=window.getSelection();\}else\{s=document.selection.createRange().text;\}var t=prompt('Please enter a description for the event',s);if(t)\{void(window.open(encodeURI('http://www.
google.com/calendar/event?ctext='+t+'&action=TEMPLATE&pprop=HowCreated%3AQUICKADD'),'gcal'));\}else\{void(s);\}\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Quick Search on APKMirror [1.105] See the note below, because it works great!"Have you ever wanted to downgrade any android app but never found the download link of previous version of apk or ... you just want
 to send apk to your friend or ... want to download and install app on any device where google play store app is not installed or you don\u8217\'92t want to sign in (like Android emulators). ... To use this bookmarklet ju
st visit the app store page [Google Play Store page] of any app and test it. .... Keep in mind all apps are not available on APKMirror".\par
\par
Note: E.g., very recently with the use of this bookmarklet I notice there were two variants of one particular browser version (which is not always the case), discovering one variant is targeted at the newest Android versi
ons that I have, making a very obvious, major world of difference for me. It is almost unbelievable. I cannot be sure I would have received this particular variant version through an automatic download from Google Play St
ore with absolutely certainty, even acknowledging their utmost competence. On occasion, depending on the circumstances, adding human oversight to an automatically programmed decision can at least provide for a desired ass
urance, with some possibility of added value too.\par
\par
The source code site is: https://www.thetechbasket.com/internet/most-useful-bookmarklets/1398/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript: var regeX = /(?&lt;=[?&]id=)[^&\\n]+/g,\par
getGPSURL = location.href,\par
video_id, match = getGPSURL.match(regeX);\par
if (match) \{\par
var url = "https://www.apkmirror.com/?s=" + escape(match) + "&post_type=app_release&searchtype=apk";\par
(w = open(url, "w", "location=no,status=yes,menubar=no,scrollbars=yes,resizable=yes,width=500,height=800,modal=yes,dependent=yes")) ? setTimeout("w.focus()", 1E3): location = url\par
\} else alert(" That's Not a Valid Google Play Store URL, \\n Need URL like this \\n https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox")\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Amazon Wishlist Bookmarklet. [1.110] Someone could have given Amazon a warning or a lawsuit.\par
\par
In fact, this Lifehacker article by Jacob Kleinman, dated March 5, 2018, may have prompted it (or Amazon wisely sensed a market affect by it), https://lifehacker.com/what-to-use-instead-of-amazons-invasive-new-assistant-1
823522711\'a0. The old Amazon Wishlist bookmarklet source code site,\'a0http://www.amazon.com/wishlist/get-button/ref=cm_wl_uwl_landing_btn , redirects to the Amazon Assstant download page, https://www.amazon.com/gp/BIT/r
ef=bit_v2_a0042?bitCampaignCode=a0042&defaultUWLExperience=true , and bookmarklet use is also in accord with the article, because it results in a pop-up window advising that the Amazon Wish List has been retired by Amazon
 Assistant. E.g., ".... Unfortunately, there\u8217\'92s no third-party button that can send product information back to your Amazon Wish List (the company apparently won\u8217\'92t allow it)....". The pop-up represents Am
azon Assistant with "old Wish List features and more" [Sure, more outrageous invasion of privacy. If the article above is basically true, this is another addition to the Web/computer profession's massive, and often action
able, fast and easy contract law abuse (actionable depending substantially upon a warning or an action by the FTC or a state attorney general, or an individual's action depending on state of residence)]. The pop-up offers
 a primarily desktop browser plugin to use Amazon Assistant. You can try the old bookmarklet with the following JavaScript link (select the only file on the page, then "Raw" and copy the page): https://github.com/flawpc/A
mazon-Wish-List-Old-Bklet-US/tree/master\'a0.\par
\par
Amazingly, Bookmarklets, created and curated by Sacha Schmid, somehow has a bookmarklet that certainly does seem to be in a current functioning state with Amazon Wishlist! This may all be a matter of simple business greed
: let's not lose Wishlist dollars from those with awareness, but why not keep the other door open as long as we can for the suckers? Sacha Schmid's source code site is: https://sacha.me/bookmarklets/\'a0, with javascript 
as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function(b,a)\{var d=b.location,c=a.createElement('script'),e=encodeURIComponent,g=setTimeout,h=function()\{a.readyState&&'complete'!=a.readyState?g(h,200):b.AUWLBook?f():(c.setAttribute('charset','UTF-8'),c.s
etAttribute('src','https://www.amazon.com/wishlist/add.js?ext=ipad&loc='+e(d)),a.body.appendChild(c),f())\},f=function()\{b.AUWLBook?b.AUWLBook.showPopover():g(f,200)\};'object'!=typeof c?d.href='https://www.amazon.com/wi
shlist/add?ext=ipad&u='+e(d)+'&t='+e(a.title):h()\})(window,document)\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f All ReddiTricks Bookmarklets in a Menu. [1.120] Ten bookmarklets: (1) reddit submit, (2) reddit toggle hide sidebar, (3) archive.is submit, (4) tinyurl create, (5) Google cache of current page, (6) Internet Arc
hive of the current page, (7) Screenshot of current Youtube frame, (8) Get all external Links, (9) Go up one dir in url, and (10) Go to top url. The JavaScript is far too long to paste here, but is available at either the
 source code site, https://www.reddit.com/r/ReddiTricks/wiki/bookmarklets#wiki_all_of_the_above_in_a_menu , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/All-ReddiTr
icks-In-Menu/blob/master/All-ReddiTricks-In-Menu\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f2. WORKING ON & INQUIRY WITH WEB PAGES & LINKS, PRIVACY CONCERNS\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Links as URLs. [2.010] See also, List all links immediately below. Display the underlying URLs of all of the links on the page you are on, including links that are not URLs, but instead "JavaScript links", so t
o speak. This is especially helpful in displaying the underlying JavaScript, e.g., of a "JavaScript link" bookmarklet on a site providing bookmarklets when you cannot drag and drop it (or select it in some manner) making 
a bookmark of it. It allows you to see the actual underlying JavaScript, and then copy it. It may be helpful to all for various reasons, but is, in fact, often necessary for some: IT HELPS THEM GET MORE BOOKMARKLETS. The 
source code site is Yeswap: http://o.yeswap.com/?javascript:%28function%28%29%7Bvar%20i,c,x,h;for%28i=0;x=document.links[i];++i%29%7Bh=x.href;x.title+=%27%20%27+x.innerHTML;while%28c=x.firstChild%29x.removeChild%28c%29;x.
appendChild%28document.createTextNode%28h%29%29;%7D%7D%29%28%29 , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:%28function%28%29%7Bvar%20i,c,x,h;for%28i=0;x=document.links[i];++i%29%7Bh=x.href;x.title+=%27%20%27+x.innerHTML;while%28c=x.firstChild%29x.removeChild%28c%29;x.appendChild%28document.createTextNode%28h%29%29;%
7D%7D%29%28%29\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f List all links. [2.020] See also, Links as URLs immediately above. Like Links as URLs above, this works very well for "JavaScript" links too. The difference is that most text, etc., other than URLs and their ti
tles, including "JavaScript" links, is stripped out, leaving URLs and "JavaScript" links in a neat list. I am not able to save its JavaScript here, but it is available at either the following source code site or My Site C
opy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page). ".... Pops up a list of all the links on the current page. Great for printing the links with their URLs. When you click on a link in the list window it is op
ened in the original window. Doesn't work with frames. ....". If you are using the Internet Explorer browser, you may want to try the source code site's fouth bookmarklet (My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript is the thi
rd). The source code site is http://www.worldtimzone.com/bookmarklets/\'a0or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript is (select "Raw" and copy the page) https://github.com/flawpc/list-all-links/blob/master/list-all-links\'a0
 \'a0 \'a0 \par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f linked pages. [2.030] "Opens a window showing all pages linked to from the current page. ". You can see the links of the specific elements on the page. The JavaScript is slightly active saved here, but is avail
able at either the source code site, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:JesseW/BookmarkletsUniversal, or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/linked-pages/blob
/master/linked-pages\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f int/ext links. [2.040] "Colors internal links red, external links blue, and in-page links orange. ". The source code site is: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:JesseW/BookmarkletsUniversal , with javascript as
 follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{var i,x; for (i=0;x=document.links[i];++i)x.style.color=["blue","red","orange"][sim(x,location)]; function sim(a,b) \{ if (a.hostname!=b.hostname) return 0; if (fixPath(a.pathname)!=fixPath(b.pathn
ame) || a.search!=b.search) return 1; return 2; \} function fixPath(p)\{ p = (p.charAt(0)=="/" ? "" : "/") + p;/*many browsers*/ p=p.split("?")[0];/*opera*/ return p; \} \})()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Highlight links. [2.050] This provides a very clear and obvious yellow highlight over the links on a page. The JavaScript will not copy properly here, but it is available at either the source code site, https:/
/www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivity-ultimate-list/ , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/Highlight-links/blob/master/Hig
hlight-links\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f linkify. [2.060] "Makes plain-text URLs into links". The source code site is: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/loganalysis.html , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{var D=document; D.body.normalize(); F(D.body); function F(n)\{var u,A,M,R,c,x; if(n.nodeType==3)\{ u=n.data.search(/https?\\:\\/\\/[^\\s]*[^.,;'">\\s\\)\\]]/); if(u>=0) \{ M=n.splitText(u); R=M.spl
itText(RegExp.lastMatch.length); A=document.createElement("A"); A.href=M.data; A.appendChild(M); R.parentNode.insertBefore(A,R); \} \}else if(n.tagName!="STYLE" && n.tagName!="SCRIPT" && n.tagName!="A")for(c=0;x=n.childNo
des[c];++c)F(x); \} \})();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f search links. [2.070] "Lists all links on the page containing the specified text.\par
\par
Prompts for a string (word or phrase), and then lists links on the page that contain that string in a new window. The string may appear in the link's target url or in its anchor text. If you leave the prompt blank, all li
nks on the page will be listed [emphasis added. Also, it list all links if you leave it blank in a neat line numbered order].\par
\par
Opera/NS4: the text of the link won't be shown or searched (only the URL will be)".\par
\par
It searches for links where the URL contains a specific search string, in the URL (or anchor text), and often not necessarily the link titles. E.g., if you only want those link URLs that lead to or involve Google (general
ly, by the URL itself), specify "google" in the input dialog. Note that this bookmarklet lists the links, not their URLs. Because the JavaScript will not save properly here, please obtain it at either the source code site
, https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/pagelinks.html , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/search-links/blob/master/search-links\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f named anchors. [2.080] This is one of Jesse's bookmarklets. "Makes anchors visible, letting you link to or bookmark a section of a page. ... This is useful if a long page has named anchors but no table of conte
nts linking to those anchors, and you want to make a link to the middle of the page". The JavaScript will not save properly here, but is available at either the source code site,\'a0https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets
/webdevel.html , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/named-anchors/blob/master/named-anchors\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Collect buglinks. [2.090] "Gathers all the bug links from a bugzilla page and does a query to get summary, state, severity, and priority. ...". The JavaScript will not save here, but is available at either the 
source code site, http://www.worldtimzone.com/bookmarklets/mozbugs.php , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/Collect-buglinks/blob/master/Collect-buglinks 
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Show Domains. [2.100] "Gets the domains from all links on the page. A unique list of the domains are shown in a new window". The JavaScript will not copy properly here, but it is available at either the source 
code site, http://subsimple.com/bookmarklets/collection_links.php or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/Show-Domains/blob/master/Show-Domains\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Show timestamp (date) for page. [2.110] "Timestamp doesn't work on web sites at GoDaddy and some others.\par
If it shows today's date don't believe it". Its JavaScript will not save here, but it is available at either the source code site, http://donsnotes.com/tech/applications/bookmarklets.html , or My Site Copy of Source Code 
JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/Show-timestamp/blob/master/Show-timestamp\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Last Modified. [2.120] "Shows the time the current page was last modified. If it's a frameset the date of the last modified page in the frameset is shown.\par
\par
[NOTE this >>>] It will only work for static pages (their names usually end with .htm or .html). If the page is dynamically generated (as this page is) the resulting message will tell you. Some web servers may report the 
time stamp dynamically even though the page is static" [emphasis added]. The source code site is: http://subsimple.com/bookmarklets/collection_navigation.php, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:function gett(w)\{try\{var lm=new Date(w.document.lastModified);if(lm>maxd)maxd=lm;for(var i=0;F=w.frames[i];i++)\{gett(F);\}\}catch(e)\{\}\}var now=new Date();var maxd=new Date(document.lastModified);gett(wind
ow);if(maxd.getTime()==0||now.toUTCString()==maxd.toUTCString())\{alert('Page is dynamically generated, cannot determine date.');\}else\{alert('Page was last modified '+maxd.toLocaleString());\}\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "DownRightNow?" [2.130] This checks if the site is down. The source code site is: https://codepen.io/thesturs/pen/xbRomP?q=bookmarklets&limit=all&type=type-pens#0 , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:void(location.href='http://www.isitdownrightnow.com/downorjustme.php?url='+encodeURI(window.location.host));\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Get the QR code for the current URL (via google chart API). [2.140] The source code site is: http://jkirchartz.com/demos/bookmarklets.html , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{window.open("http://chart.apis.google.com/chart?cht=qr&chs=500x500&chl=" + window.location,"", "width=500, height=500")\})()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f View Scripts. [2.150] View the linked and embedded scripts in a page. The source code site is: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/webdevel.html, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:s=document.getElementsByTagName('SCRIPT'); d=window.open().document; /*140681*/d.open();d.close(); b=d.body; function trim(s)\{return s.replace(/^\\s*\\n/, '').replace(/\\s*$/, ''); \}; function add(h)\{b.appen
dChild(h);\} function makeTag(t)\{return d.createElement(t);\} function makeText(tag,text)\{t=makeTag(tag);t.appendChild(d.createTextNode(text)); return t;\} add(makeText('style', 'iframe\{width:100%;height:18em;border:1p
x solid;')); add(makeText('h3', d.title='Scripts in ' + location.href)); for(i=0; i\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Stumble Upon [now Mix] ?". [2.160] "Check if a site/page has been Stumble Uponed [now Mix]". The source code site is: https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivity-ultimate-list
/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()%7Bvar%20a=window,b=document,c=encodeURIComponent,d=a.open(%22http://www.stumbleupon.com/url/%22+b.location,'StumbleUpOn','location=1,status=1,scrollbars=1,resizable=1,alwaysRaised=1,width=800px,heig
ht=600px');a.setTimeout(function()%7Bd.focus()%7D,60)%7D)();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f BuiltWith. [2.170] Although I am not into probing other people's info., this is good for understanding your own site too, like many features and technology I did not know my blog has ~ "Site Info \u8211\'96 Ano
ther bookmarklet to find site info By Buildwith [sic., BuiltWith]". The source code site is: https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivity-ultimate-list/\'a0,\'a0\'a0with javascript as foll
ows:\par
\par
javascript:void(window.open('http://builtwith.com/?'+location.host));\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f PageXray. [2.180] Again, I am not into probing other people's info., but whatever ~ "Quickly learn about technologies used on a website". The source code site is: https://codepen.io/thesturs/pen/xbRomP?q=bookma
rklets&limit=all&type=type-pens#0 , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{window.open( "http://pagexray.com/scan/?page="+ location.hostname + location.pathname )\})()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f WhoIs Search. [2.190] Again, I am not into probing other people's info., but whatever ~ "It helps you identify the owner of the domain, information regarding its creation date and the country of origin. There a
re also statistics regarding the on-page SEO". The source code site is: https://cognitiveseo.com/blog/5714/69-amazing-seo-bookmarklets-to-supercharge-your-internet-marketing/#6-8, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{ window.open('http://whois.sc/' + escape(window.location)); \})();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f netcraft. [2.200] Again, I am not into probing other people's info., but whatever ~ "Tells you what type of server a site uses and displays an uptime graph", and a whole lot more site info. within its detailed 
Netcraft report. The source code site is: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/validation.html, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:location = 'http://uptime.netcraft.com/up/graph?site='+escape(location); void 0\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f View Cookies. [2.210] "Shows the cookies stored by the page you're viewing". There seemed to be problems pasting the JavaScript here, but it is available at either the following source code site or My Site Copy
 of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page). A pop-up confirmation will appear showing the cookies that are stored. The source code site is: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/misc.htmlor My Site Copy
 of Source Code JavaScript is (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/view-cookies/blob/master/view-cookies\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f View Cookies Alternate. [2.220] Show cookies. There seems to be problems pasting this type of JavaScript here, but it is available at either the source code site, Yeswap, http://o.yeswap.com/?javascript:if%28do
cument.cookie.length%3C1%29%7Balert%28%27No%20cookie%20for%20this%20site.%27%29%7Delse%7Balert%28%27Cookie%20for%20this%20site:%27+document.cookie%29%7D , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy t
he page), https://github.com/flawpc/yeswap-show-cookies/blob/master/yeswap-show-cookies\'a0 \par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Clear Cookies. [2.230] "Clears all cookies for the current page.". There seemed to be problems pasting the JavaScript here, but it is available at either the following source code site or My Site Copy of Source
 Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page). A pop-up confirmation will appear indicating that the cookies have been cleared. If desired, running a View Cookies bookmarklet above before and after this can be further
 proof that it has done its job. The source code site is: https://ostermiller.org/bookmarklets/cookies.html , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript is (select "Raw" and copy the page): https://github.com/flawpc/clear-
cookies/blob/master/clear-cookie \par
\par
\u9830\'3f Clear Cookies Alternate. [2.240] naked browser. There seems to be problems pasting this type of JavaScript here, but it is available at either the source code site, http://nakedbrowser.com/android/help# , or My
 Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/naked-browser-clear-cookies/blob/master/naked-browser-clear-cookies\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "javascript bookmarklet to edit cookies on a page", [2.250] by Travis Hardiman (dieseltravis) on GitHub. The JavaScript is too long to paste here, but it is available on his GitHub source code site (select "Raw
" near the bottom of the page and copy the page), https://gist.github.com/dieseltravis/2846191#file-bookmarklet-js , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/ed
it-cookies/blob/master/edit-cookies\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f modcookie. [2.260] "For on-the-fly cookie modification". This old fogy tried it, providing me in a dumbfound jaw dropped state with cookies to sure modify. It was followed by technical "path" information that I
 did not know what to do with. However, its creator, Ryan, a young genius and Information Security enthusiast (who sure is going places!) sure knows. He stated ".... I'll be looking forward to requests ....", so if need b
e, perhaps he will advise you how to use it at his following source code site (possibly you may need a rooted device to do so, but I am totally unsure). The source code site is: http://yaisb.blogspot.com/2006/08/new-bookm
arklets.html, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:document.cookie=prompt(document.cookie,document.cookie)+%22;path=/;%22;\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Kill\'a0 Headers. EU cookie notices, etc. [2.270] This is a way of saying: law abiding citizens, what law's being followed, who's fooling who the notice provides a choice? If I back out it's done anyway, and mo
re either way I go. So get out of my face!\'a0\par
\par
"Get Rid of Annoying Cookie Notifications With This Bookmarklet" ... "Ever since the European Union introduced their GDPR privacy laws earlier this year, websites have been required to be more direct about the online data
 they collect from visitors. ... This is generally a good thing, but you probably don\u8217\'92t need to be reminded (for the millionth time) that cookies are being placed on your computer every time you pull up your favo
rite site. For those suffering from terminal \u8219\'3fcookie notification fatigue,\u8217\'92 consider installing the \u8219\'3fKill Sticky Headers\u8217\'92 bookmarklet to save your sanity. ...\'a0Once you have it instal
led, simply click the bookmarklet in your browser bookmarks bar and all of a website\u8217\'92s cookie notifications will disappear for a while. Since the bookmarklet removes any \u8219\'3fsticky headers,\u8217\'92 you\u8217\'92
ll also be able to get rid of other annoying elements, like \u8219\'3fsign up for my newsletter\u8217\'92 prompts that attach to the bottom of a website or various \u8219\'3fyou are blocking ads\u8217\'92 warnings. ....".
 The source of the info. above is: https://lifehacker.com/get-rid-of-annoying-cookie-notifications-with-this-book-1828457930 . The source code site is: https://alisdair.mcdiarmid.org/kill-sticky-headers/ , with javascript
 as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()%7B(function%20()%20%7Bvar%20i%2C%20elements%20%3D%20document.querySelectorAll('body%20*')%3Bfor%20(i%20%3D%200%3B%20i%20%3C%20elements.length%3B%20i%2B%2B)%20%7Bif%20(getComputedStyle(elements%5Bi%5
D).position%20%3D%3D%3D%20'fixed')%20%7Belements%5Bi%5D.parentNode.removeChild(elements%5Bi%5D)%3B%7D%7D%7D)()%7D)()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Outline Bookmarklet. [2.280] This provides you with a summary outline of the page that you are on. The source code site is: https://codepen.io/dgca/pen/BmNdmy?q=Outline+bookmarklets&limit=all&type=type-pens , w
ith javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()%7Bwindow.location.href %3D 'https%3A%2F%2Foutline.com%2F' %2B window.location.href%7D)()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Font name? Page body font or selected text". [2.290] "A tool for web design & development, this bookmarklet reads what font stack the currently selected text \u8212\'97 or body, if none \u8212\'97 of the curre
nt web page has and guesses which font (or generic font keyword, such as sans-serif or the much newer system-ui) in the stack is actually being used. Note that the font stack is read via JavaScript, not CSS, so the value 
can change in at least one case. A font stack that uses BlinkMacSystemFont in CSS will report it as system-ui via this bookmarklet in Chrome". The JavaScript is too long to be pasted here, but it is available at either th
e source code site, https://alanhogan.com/bookmarklets#font-stack-guess , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/Font-name/blob/master/Font-name\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f TestYOURFontsOnline. [2.300] The source code site is: https://codepen.io/thesturs/pen/xbRomP?q=bookmarklets&limit=all&type=type-pens#0, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function(d)\{var s=d.createElement('script'),h=d.head||d.getElementsByTagName('head')[0];s.src=('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://rawgithub.com/ryanseddon/font-dragr/master/bookmarklet/fd-scrip
t.js' : 'http://fontdragr.com/bookmarklet/fd-script.js');h.appendChild(s);\})(document);\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f WebFontPicker: [2.310] "A bookmarklet that previews Google Fonts on a live website. ... Opening the bookmark on a site will load the picker in the top right corner". The source code site is: https://github.com/
danielgavrilov/WebFontPicker , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{var%20t=window.WFP=window.WFP||\{\},e=%22https:%22===window.location.protocol%3F%22https:%22:%22http:%22;t.bookmarklet=3,t.Picker%26%26t.Picker.show(),t.attached||t.Picker||(function(t)\{var%20e=do
cument.createElement(%22link%22);e.rel=%22stylesheet%22,e.type=%22text/css%22,e.href=t,document.head.appendChild(e)\}(e+%22//gavrilov.co.uk/wfp/WFP.css%22),function(t)\{var%20e=document.createElement(%22script%22);e.type=
%22text/javascript%22,e.src=t,document.head.appendChild(e)\}(e+%22//gavrilov.co.uk/wfp/WFP.full.min.js%22),t.attached=!0)\})();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Check Total Indexed Pages [2.320]\'a0\par
Want to know how many pages of any website is indexed in Google just open the website and use this bookmarklet". The source code site is: https://www.thetechbasket.com/internet/most-useful-bookmarklets/1398/ , with javasc
ript as follows:\par
\par
javascript: location = "http://www.google.com/search?num=100&q=site:" + escape(location.hostname);\par
void 0\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Enable Text Selection [2.330]\'a0\par
To protect content from being copied some website disable the text selection functionality from users, you can restore text selection functionality by using this bookmarklet". The source code site is: https://www.thetechb
asket.com/internet/most-useful-bookmarklets/1398/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript: (function() \{\par
function R(a) \{\par
ona = "on" + a;\par
if (window.addEventListener) window.addEventListener(a, function(e) \{\par
for (var n = e.originalTarget; n; n = n.parentNode) n[ona] = null;\par
\}, true);\par
window[ona] = null;\par
document[ona] = null;\par
if (document.body) document.body[ona] = null;\par
\}\par
R("click");\par
R("mousedown");\par
R("mouseup");\par
R("selectstart");\par
\})()\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f3. TRANSLATE\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Google Translate. [3.010] Translate the page you are on (or try the one below) to English [or basically, to whatever you desire (including Latin)] from an auto detection of many languages [or set for a specific
 language]. The source code site is: Yeswap, http://o.yeswap.com/?javascript:location=%27http://translate.google.com/translate?u=%27%20+%20encodeURIComponent%28location%29; , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:location=%27http://translate.google.com/translate?u=%27%20+%20encodeURIComponent%28location%29;\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Google Translate. [3.020] Translate the page you are on (or try the one above) to English [or basically, to whatever you desire (including Latin)] from an auto detection of many languages [or set for a specific
 language]. The source code site is: https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivity-ultimate-list/, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:var%20t=((window.getSelection&&window.getSelection())%7C%7C(document.getSelection&&document.getSelection())%7C%7C(document.selection%20&&document.selection.createRange&&document.selection.createRange().text));v
ar%20e=(document.charset%7C%7Cdocument.characterSet);if(t!='')%7Blocation.href='http://translate.google.com/translate_t?text='+t+'&hl=en&langpair=auto%7Cen&tbb=1&ie='+e;%7Delse%7Blocation.href='http://translate.google.com
/translate?u='+escape(location.href)+'&hl=en&langpair=auto%7Cen&tbb=1&ie='+e;%7D;\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f The Bing Microsoft Translator. [3.030] "Microsoft Translator Bookmarklet to Translate Websites". You will need to go to the link below to get the translator bookmarklet I refer to as a bookmark-bookmarklet, so 
to speak. I believe there may be hidden self-serving motives providing a "Bookmarklet" in this fancy manner (if it is even a bookmarklet in the first place). When you open the link below, select your language and then boo
kmark it. That then becomes the bookmark-bookmarklet. "Now open the webpage which is not in your native language and click on the bookmarklet. That's it. ... We tested the bookmarklet in Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, 
Mozilla Firefox and Opera and it worked in all these browsers perfectly. ...". Merely viewing some stored cookies, could they have hit on a DNA sample too? The source code site, so to speak due to fancy muck up (at least 
I used an m, not an f) is [Note: I am also forced to advise you this is not a "Download" URL (evidence a good heart by genuine thought of others in terminology used ~ something really is missing here!!!?) >>>] https://www
.askvg.com/download-microsoft-translator-bookmarklet-to-translate-websites-in-a-single-click/ , with a link as follows:\par
\par
https://labs.microsofttranslator.com/\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f4. BOOKMARKS & SHARING\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Add to Google Bookmarks. [4.010] Add the page you are on to your Google Bookmarks. Google Bookmarks is an oldie but goodie and I believe it still comes out on top [Other than their modification on occasion of s
aved direct URLs pasted within its notes field (one could presume is for their ad tracking reasons). Shareholders may have a major stake in such matters (with any obvious tactics lacking tactics). I have a post addressing
 these matters in part.]. The JavaScript below is Google's bookmarklet from their site (bottom of your bookmarks list, official, so to speak). Yeswap, http://o.yeswap.com/?javascript:%28function%28%29%7Bvar%20a=window,b=d
ocument,c=encodeURIComponent,d=a.open%28%22http://www.google.com/bookmarks/mark?op=edit&output=popup&bkmk=%22+c%28b.location%29+%22&title=%22+c%28b.title%29,%22bkmk_popup%22,%22left=%22+%28%28a.screenX%7C%7Ca.screenLeft%2
9+10%29+%22,top=%22+%28%28a.screenY%7C%7Ca.screenTop%29+10%29+%22,height=420px,width=550px,resizable=1,alwaysRaised=1%22%29;a.setTimeout%28function%28%29%7Bd.focus%28%29%7D,300%29%7D%29%28%29; , and Digital Inspiration, h
ttps://ctrlq.org/ios/?bookmark#javascript:location.href='http://www.google.com/bookmarks/mark?op=edit&output=popup&bkmk='+encodeURIComponent(window.location.href)+'&title='+encodeURIComponent(document.title) , have one to
o. Despite Yeswap's specification for mobile browsers and Digital Inspiration's for iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch Browser, they likely work for many other browsers/operating systems. All three have very different JavaScript
, and all three work for me. The source code site is: https://www.google.com/bookmarks/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{var a=window,b=document,c=encodeURIComponent,d=a.open("https://www.google.com/bookmarks/mark?op=edit&output=popup&bkmk="+c(b.location)+"&title="+c(b.title),"bkmk_popup","left="+((a.screenX||a.scree
nLeft)+10)+",top="+((a.screenY||a.screenTop)+10)+",height=510px,width=550px,resizable=1,alwaysRaised=1");a.setTimeout(function()\{d.focus()\},300)\})();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f FavoritUs.com, [4.020] https://www.favoritus.com/bookmarks.php?lang=EN , is a free online bookmarking (and bookmark storage) service. There has been some recent change in ownership, however, they were last know
n to me to probably serve professional bookmark makers (WHAT ! ?) who need order and a sense of control over bookmarks that they make (and probably have a lot of them too!). The bookmarklet below adds the page you are on 
to your FavoritUs bookmarks. If you decide to use their service, you should try to somehow obtain guidance on using their very orderly bookmark tree by categories, subcategories, etc. It is noteworthy to not import the sa
me bookmarks more than once, because things will get all mucked up (how would I know this?). They seemed to have an infinite bookmark capacity (again, how would I know this?), and they were good people too. I am unable to
 provide you with a source code site, but\'a0an alternate JavaScript copy is My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page): https://github.com/flawpc/FavoritUs/blob/master/FavoritUs , with javasc
ript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:window.location='http://www.favoritus.com/post.php?lang=EN&gettitle=' + escape(document.title.replace(/ /g,'+')) + '&getlink=' + escape(location.href);\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Favorites - AOL. [4.030] "FAVORITES. Our signature bookmarking site allows you to save what you love to the cloud and provides you easy access from any device, anywhere. ... Add the Bookmarklet. Add Faves quick
ly ....". The source code site is: https://www.aol.com/favorites/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function(w, d)\{ var v = '1.0'; var url = d.location.href; var title= d.title; var width = 600; var height = 500; var screenX = (w.screenX != null ? w.screenX : w.screenLeft) || 0; var screenY = (w.screenY != 
null ? w.screenY : w.screenTop) || 0; var screenWidth = (w.outerWidth != null ? w.outerWidth : d.body.offsetWidth); var offsetHeight = (w.outerHeight - w.innerHeight) || 0; var left = screenX + Math.floor(screenWidth / 2)
 - Math.floor(width / 2); var top = screenY + offsetHeight + 40; var bookmarkletUrl = 'http://www.aol.com/favsbookmarklet/' +'?title='+encodeURIComponent(title) +'&url='+encodeURIComponent(url); var newWin = w.open( bookm
arkletUrl, 'aol_favorites_bookmarklet', 'width='+width+',height='+height+',left='+left+',top='+top+',scrollbars=yes,location=no,directories=no,status=no,menubar=no,toolbar=no,resizable=no', true); newWin.focus(); \})(wind
ow, document);\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Share It! [4.040] "You\u8217\'92ve previously seen sharing bookmarklets for Twitter, Facebook and Twitter but if you would like to share stuff on a different social sites \u8211\'96 like Reddit, StumbleUpon, Ha
cker News, etc. \u8211\'96 use this universal [emphasis added] sharing bookmarklet". This bookmarklet is known to work with some other browsers/operating systems, and perhaps works with many others too (i.e., in addition 
to those mentioned in the title: iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch Browser). I should also mention its voluminous share services options (that even includes a field to search for your service). It is universal indeed. The sourc
e code site is: https://www.labnol.org/software/iphone-ipad-bookmarklets/18969/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:void((function(svc) \{var d=document,w=window,p=0,b=function()\{if(!p)\{p=1;if(_atc.xol)_adr.onReady();if(w.addthis_sendto)addthis_sendto(svc||'bkmore',\{product:'bmt-'+_atc.ver\})\}else\{p=0;if(_atw)_atw.clb()
\}\};if(!w._atc)\{var ol=w.addthis_onload||[],o=d.createElement('script');w.addthis_product = 'bmt-250';o.src='//s7.addthis.com/js/250/addthis_widget.js#domready=1&username=bookmarklet';ol.push(b);w.addthis_onload=ol;d.ge
tElementsByTagName('body')[0].appendChild(o)\}else b()\})())\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f AddToAny for Browsers - AddToAny Bookmarklet. [4.050] This is similar to Share It! above, also with voluminous share services options, including a field to search for your service). The source code site is: htt
ps://www.addtoany.com/users/bookmarklet , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{f='https://www.addtoany.com/share#url='+encodeURIComponent(window.location.href)+'&title='+encodeURIComponent(document.title);a=function()\{if(!window.open(f,'addtoany','width=800,height=600,toolba
r=yes,location=yes,directories=yes,status=yes,menubar=yes,scrollbars=yes,resizable=yes'))location.href=f+'jump=yes'\};if(/Firefox/.test(navigator.userAgent))\{setTimeout(a,0)\}else\{a()\}\})()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Quora. [4.060] Share with Quora and share your knowledge for the benefit of the rest of the world. The source code site is: https://sacha.me/bookmarklets/, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:var%20d%3Ddocument,w%3Dwindow,e%3Dw.getSelection,k%3Dd.getSelection,x%3Dd.selection,s%3D(e%3Fe():(k)%3Fk():(x%3Fx.createRange().text:0)),f%3D%27http://www.quora.com/board/bookmarklet%27,l%3Dd.location,e%3Dencod
eURIComponent,p%3D%27%3Fv%3D1%26url%3D%27%2Be(l.href),u%3Df%2Bp%3Btry%7Bif(!/%5E(.*%5C.)%3Fquora%5B%5E.%5D*%24/.test(l.host))throw(0)%3B%7Dcatch(z)%7Ba%20%3Dfunction()%7Bif(!w.open(u,%27_blank%27,%27toolbar%3D0,scrollbars
%3Dno,resizable%3D1,status%3D1,width%3D430,height%3D400%27))l.href%3Du%3B%7D%3Bif(/Firefox/.test(navigator.userAgent))setTimeout(a,0)%3Belse%20a()%3B%7Dvoid(0)\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Pin Image. [4.070] Pin/share an image on Pinterest. I imagine you should select a particular image, otherwise it will likely grab multiple images to pin/share. The source code site is: https://sacha.me/bookmark
lets/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:void((function(d)%7Bvar e%3Dd.createElement(%27script%27)%3Be.setAttribute(%27type%27,%27text/javascript%27)%3Be.setAttribute(%27charset%27,%27UTF-8%27)%3Be.setAttribute(%27src%27,%27//assets.pinterest.com/js/p
inmarklet.js%3Fr%3D%27%2BMath.random()*99999999)%3Bd.body.appendChild(e)%7D)(document))%3B\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Facebook. [4.080] "Share links in Facebook". The source code site is: https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivity-ultimate-list/, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:var%20d=document,f='http://www.facebook.com/share',l=d.location,e=encodeURIComponent,p='.php?src=bm&v=4&i=1250537391&u='+e(l.href)+'&t='+e(d.title);1;try%7Bif%20(!/%5E(.*.)?facebook.%5B%5E.%5D*%24/.test(l.host)
)throw(0);share_internal_bookmarklet(p)%7Dcatch(z)%20%7Ba=function()%20%7Bif%20(!window.open(f+'r'+p,'sharer','toolbar=0,status=0,resizable=1,width=626,height=436'))l.href=f+p%7D;if%20(/Firefox/.test(navigator.userAgent))
setTimeout(a,0);else%7Ba()%7D%7Dvoid(0)\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Reddit. [4.090] Share on Reddit. The source site is: https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivity-ultimate-list/, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()%7Blocation.href='http://reddit.com/submit?url='+location.href+'&title='+encodeURIComponent(document.title)%7D)()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Digg this! [4.100] Submit a link, possiby to your online Digg Reader, but I am totally unsure of this. In fact, a statement I came across somewhere after the fact makes it likely I am wrong. The source code sit
e is: https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivity-ultimate-list/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:location.href='http://digg.com/submit?phase=3&url='+encodeURIComponent(location.href)+'&title='+encodeURIComponent(document.title)\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Reference bookmarklet [4.110] - generate a string containing the page title, URL and any selected text", allowing you to copy all of its content (the string) to your clipboard and then copy all of it (the stri
ng) to whatever. Also, see the source code site for more information. The source code site is: https://gist.github.com/jbrown123/84839a5abe763e5b117a321510cb9de7 , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{let text=""; if(window.getSelection()!='')\{text=window.getSelection().toString()+"\\n";\}prompt("Press Ctrl+C, Escape", document.title+"\\n"+location.href+"\\n"+text);\})()\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f5. GENERAL, SITE & TECHNICAL SEARCH\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Google site search of the site you are on, [5.010] source code site, https://www.makeuseof.com/tag/10-ingenious-bookmarklets-to-make-you-a-google-power-user/, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{void(q=prompt('What are you looking for?',''));if(q)location.href='http://www.google.com/search?q=site%3A'+document.domain.replace('www.','')+'%20'+escape(q)\})()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Second Opinion Search. "Sometimes you search something on Google but didn\u8217\'92t satisfied with search result you can use this bookmarklet to search the same query on Yahoo search with just one click.\par
\par
if you want to search on any other search engine you can change location url with\par
Bing \u8220\'93https://www.bing.com/search?q=\u8221\'94\par
Duckduckgo \u8220\'93https://duckduckgo.com/?q=\u8221\'94\par
Google \u8220\'93https://www.google.com/search?q=\u8221\'94\par
Yahoo \u8220\'93https://search.yahoo.com/search?q=\u8221\'94\par
\par
The source code site is: https://www.thetechbasket.com/internet/most-useful-bookmarklets/1398/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript: Q = [];\par
c = location.search.slice(1).split('&');\par
for (i in c) \{\par
f = c[i].split('=');\par
if (f[0] == 'q' || f[0] == 'as_q' || f[0] == 'p' || f[0] == 'query')\par
if (f[1]) Q.push(f[1])\par
\}\par
R = unescape(Q.join('; ').replace(/\\+/g, ' '));\par
location = 'https://search.yahoo.com/search?q=' + escape(R);\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Google site search of the site you are on, [5.020] source code site, Digital Inspiration (specified for iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch Browser, but it is known to work with at least some other devices/operating sy
stems/browsers, so it likely works with many others too. NO, I am not old and blind too ~ I does look like the first one above, doesn't it?), https://www.labnol.org/software/iphone-ipad-bookmarklets/18969/, with javascrip
t as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{void(q=prompt('What are you looking for?',''));if(q)location.href='http://www.google.com/search?q=site%3A'+document.domain.replace('www.','')+'%20'+escape(q)\})()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f GITHUB Search. [5.030]\'a0GitHub search of/from the page you are on. Source code site, https://sacha.me/bookmarklets/, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:var%20query%20=%20prompt(%22Search%20GitHub.com%22);user_search_ary%20=%20/%5Eu:(.*)/g.exec(query);if%20(user_search_ary)%20%7Bwindow.location%20=%20%22http://github.com/%22%20+%20user_search_ary%5B1%5D;%7Delse
%20if%20(query)%20%7Bwindow.location%20=%20%22http://github.com/search?q=%22%20+%20query;%7D\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f6. PAGE CAPTURES\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f gCache. [6.010] Google cache capture of the page you are on, source code site, Yeswap, http://o.yeswap.com/?javascript:location=%27http://google.com/search?q=cache:%27+location.href, with javascript as follows:
\par
\par
javascript:location=%27http://google.com/search?q=cache:%27+location.href\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Google Cache. [6.020] Google capture of the page you are on (specified for iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch Browser before conversion below, but as converted it is known to work with at least some other devices/oper
ating systems/browsers, so it likely works with many others too), source code site, Digital Inspiration, https://www.labnol.org/software/iphone-ipad-bookmarklets/18969/, then converted with http://pastetool.com/generators
/bookmarklet/, with source code converted javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:location.href='http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:'+window.location.href\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Wayback Machine. [6.030] Internet Archive Wayback Machine captures of the page you are on, source code site, Yeswap, http://o.yeswap.com/?avascript:location.href=%27http://web.archive.org/web/*/%27+location.hre
f;, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:location.href=%27http://web.archive.org/web/*/%27+location.href;\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Download a PDF copy of the page you are on. [6.040] The exact source code site is currently unavailable, but this bookmarklet is for use with Web2Pdfconvert (I believe their capture is limited to 20 PDF pages, 
at least a capture in this manner), https://www.web2pdfconvert.com/ . My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript is (select "Raw" and copy the page) https://github.com/flawpc/Web2Pdfconvert/blob/master/Web2Pdfconvert . The ja
vascript is as follows:\par
\par
javascript:void(window.open('https://www.web2pdfconvert.com/engine?cURL='+escape(location.href)+'&title='+escape(document.title)+'&utm_source=chrome&utm_medium=bookmarklet&utm_campaign=add-ons'))\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f The Printliminator. [6.050] "The Printliminator (repo) is a bookmarklet with some simple tools you can use to makes websites print better. One click to activate, and then click to remove elements from the page,
 remove graphics, and apply better print styling", source code site, http://css-tricks.github.io/The-Printliminator/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:/*THE.PRINTLIMINATOR*/(function()\{function%20loadScript(a,b)\{var%20c=document.createElement('script'),d=document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0],e=!1;c.type='text/javascript',c.src=a,c.onload=c.onreadystatech
ange=function()\{e||this.readyState&&'loaded'!=this.readyState&&'complete'!=this.readyState||(e=!0,b())\},d.appendChild(c)\}loadScript('//css-tricks.github.io/The-Printliminator/printliminator.min.js',function()\{thePrint
liminator.init()\});\})();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Capturing and pinning full-length screenshot of web page by Snapito online tool. [6.060] ... Push it to capture full-page screenshot of the web page you visit. You will be transferred to the https://snapito.co
m/ web page with the screenshot image of the page you came from. Unlike Web-Capture tool, Snapito tool also allows users to choose screen width for screenshot capturing and to create a pin with the full-page screenshot on
 Pinterest", source code site, https://www.reddit.com/r/bookmarklets/comments/4xssa6/capturing_and_pinning_fulllength_screenshot_of/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{var unencodedURL=location.href;var websiteURL=encodeURIComponent(unencodedURL);var full=true;var length=full?'0':'600';var url='http://snapito.com/?url='+websiteURL+'&size=800x'+length+'&cache=-1';
window.open(url,'Download','')\})();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f See also, Thumbalizr, under the 10. IMAGES category below.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f7. MAPS\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Map this. [7.010] Select an address (or simply enter the address in its pop-up window) from a web page and instantly get the [Google] map." An alternate source code site for the same JavaScript is: https://wul
ffy.blogspot.com/2012/07/google-maps-bookmarklet.html . The source code site is: https://googlesystem.blogspot.com/2007/07/useful-google-bookmarklets.html#gsc.tab=0 , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:d=""+(window.getSelection?window.getSelection():document.getSelection?document.getSelection():document.selection.createRange().text);d=d.replace(/\\r\\n|\\r|\\n/g," ,");if(!d)d=prompt("Enter the address:", "");
if(d!=null)location="http://maps.google.com?q="+escape(d).replace(/ /g,"+");void 0\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Random Google Maps Location [Satellite (or select whatever)] . [7.020] "Random", what do you mean? I'll bet you could enter your own address in its search field and see yourself hanging out the window! Find a p
lace, info. for directions (drive, walk, or bike) and public transport. The source code site is: http://jsfiddle.net/a63ku52u/embedded/result/, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{function r(x,y) \{return Math.random(1,2) * (x - y) + y;\} var o = r(-180.0,180.0); a = r(-90.0,90.0); location.href='https://google.com/maps/@'+a.toString().substr(0,7)+','+o.toString().substr(0,7
)+',200m/data=!3m1!1e3'\})();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f OpenStreet Map to Google Maps. Works very good. [7.030] "This bookmarklet enables you to jump from a osm.org map to google maps at the same position and zoom and vice versa". I am running out of space, so the J
avaScript is available at either the source code site, https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Bookmarklet_osm-google_maps , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawp
c/jump-from-osm.org-map-to-google-maps-/blob/master/jump-from-osm.org-map-to-google-maps\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Opening current view (OSM or GMaps) in OSM editor. Works very good. [7.040] "This is an edited version of the above bookmarklet which opens the current view for editing in the OSM iD editor. You need to be logg
ed in". I am running out of space, so the JavaScript is available at either the source code site, https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Bookmarklet_osm-google_maps, or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" an
d copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/open-current-view-OSM-or-GMaps-in-OSM-editor/blob/master/open-current-view-OSM-or-GMaps-in-OSM-editor \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f8. TECHNICAL, FAR SO FOR ME\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f For you young whippersnapper geniuses to figure out (I like the colors). [8.010] The source code site is: https://github.com/micmro/performance-bookmarklet , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{var el=document.createElement('script');el.type='text/javascript';el.src='https://micmro.github.io/performance-bookmarklet/dist/performanceBookmarklet.min.js';el.onerror=function()\{alert("Looks li
ke the Content Security Policy directive is blocking the use of bookmarklets\\n\\nYou can copy and paste the content of:\\n\\n\\"https://micmro.github.io/performance-bookmarklet/dist/performanceBookmarklet.min.js\\"\\n\\n
into your console instead\\n\\n(link is in console already)");console.log("https://micmro.github.io/performance-bookmarklet/dist/performanceBookmarklet.min.js");\};document.getElementsByTagName('body')[0].appendChild(el);
\})();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Another whippersnapper special\'a0[8.20] ~ Pixel Perfect Bookmarklet ~ "This bookmarklet provides a controllable overlay with an image of page graphical design over top of the developed HTML. In fact it is simi
lar to the well-know Pixel Perfect Firefox extension, which doesn't work properly with last Firefox builds for a while", source code site, http://dsheiko.github.io/pixel-perfect-bookmarklet/ , with javascript as follows:\par

\par
javascript:(function()\{var s = document.createElement('script');s.type='text/javascript';s.src='https://dsheiko.github.io/pixel-perfect-bookmarklet/bookmarklet.js?v='+parseInt(Math.random()*99999999);document.body.append
Child(s);void(0);\}());\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f A Whippersnapper Genius Hootnanny. [8.030]\'a0Mobile Perf bookmarklet menu of automatically updated Web development debuggers and profilers. "... It displays a menu with links that load other bookmarklets inclu
ding Firebug Lite, Page Resources, DOM Monster, SpriteMe, and CSSess [and more]. The Mobile Perf menu is updated as new bookmarklets are released - so you get the latest tools automatically. ....", source code site, http:
//stevesouders.com/mobileperf/mobileperfbkm.php , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\u65279\'3f \{jselem=document.createElement('SCRIPT');jselem.type='text/javascript';jselem.src='//stevesouders.com/mobileperf/mobileperfbkm.js';document.getElementsByTagName('body')\u65279\'3f [0].ap
pendChild(jselem);\})();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Even whippersnapper geniuses reach back to school [8.040] ~ Web Evaluation Tools Bookmarklet, NC State University IT Accessibility Resources ~ "This set of tools allows you to check for several aspects of Web a
ccessibility that other tools do not. It is not designed to replace any other tools, but rather to supplement them. ... The tool will tell you how many headings, ARIA landmarks, tabindex attributes, internal links, ARIA r
oles, ARIA attributes, and language attributes there are on a page.\par
Checking the checkbox next to any of these items will visually show you where these items are located on the page. ... Note, every time you activate this bookmarklet, the latest version of the code will be loaded, so you 
will not have to update this bookmarklet in the future. ..." Source code site, https://accessibility.oit.ncsu.edu/tools/web-evaluation-tools/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:%20(function()%7Bvar%20yourURL=(window.location.protocol=='http:'?'http://webapps.ncsu.edu/web-evaluation-tools/web-evaluation-tools.php':'https://webapps.ncsu.edu/web-evaluation-tools/web-evaluation-tools.php'
);function%20getScript(url,success)%7Bvar%20script=document.createElement('script');script.src=url;var%20head=document.getElementsByTagName('head')%5B0%5D,done=false;script.onload=script.onreadystatechange=function()%7Bif
(!done&&(!this.readyState%7C%7Cthis.readyState=='loaded'%7C%7Cthis.readyState=='complete'))%7Bdone=true;success();script.onload=script.onreadystatechange=null;head.removeChild(script);%7D%7D;head.appendChild(script);%7D%2
0getScript(yourURL,function()%7B%7D);%7D)();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f View Generated Source. [8.50] "Shows the generated source of the page. This is a work around for the problem that Mozilla cannot view the source of a form post (bug 55583). This builds a source view from what's
 currently in the browser window. This bookmarklet is also useful for seeing the results of a javascript dynamically generated page. I've noticed that ampersands sometimes are not the & entity as in the original source", 
source code site, http://www.worldtimzone.com/bookmarklets/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:function htmlEsc(s)\{s=s.replace(/&/g,'&');s=s.replace(/>/g,'>');s=s.replace(/' + htmlEsc('\\n' + document.documentElement.innerHTML + '\\n'));w.document.close()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Structured Data Testing Tool. [8.060] Source code site, https://github.com/taylorbryant/bookmarklets , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:location.href='https://search.google.com/structured-data/testing-tool#url='+window.location.href\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Mozilla X-Ray Goggles. [8.700] "Remix Any Page on the Web\par
X-Ray Goggles makes it easy to see and remix the code behind your favorite web pages.\par
The best part: you don't need any prior coding experience! Just activate Goggles, click on a section,\par
and edit. Then, share your remixes with others", source code site, https://goggles.mozilla.org/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function() \{var script=document.createElement('script');script.src='https://goggles.mozilla.org'+'/webxray.js';script.className='webxray';script.setAttribute('data-lang','en-US');script.setAttribute('data-bas
euri','https://goggles.mozilla.org');document.body.appendChild(script);\}())\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f9. SAFETY\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Source code site, [9.010]\'a0https://github.com/FruityFreedom/Safer-browsing-check , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{var url = prompt('URL for safe-browsing check.'); url = (url == 0? window.location.href:url); window.location.href = "http://www.google.com/safebrowsing/diagnostic?site="+url \}())\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f10. IMAGES\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Linked Images on the Current Page. [10.010] This JavaScript cannot be pasted and saved here properly, but is available at either the source code site or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and 
copy the page). The source code site is https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:JesseW/BookmarkletsUniversal , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript is at (select "Raw" and copy the page) https://github.com/flawpc/linked
-images/blob/master/linked-images\'a0 \par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Get image URL. [10.020] After running the bookmarklet, click an image and a pop-up will appear with its URL. The JavaScript is too long to be pasted here, but is available at either the source code site, http:/
/niksy.github.io/bookmarklets/ , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/Get-image-URL/blob/master/Get-image-URL\'a0 \par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f check images. [10.030] "Lists the URLs of broken images". The JavaScript will not save properly here, but is available at either the source code site, https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/validation.html , o
r My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/check-images/blob/master/check-images\'a0 \par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f list alts. [10.040] "Lists [and shows] images and their [file name and] alternate text [generally, meaning their on screen title name] (or "missing" or "empty"). ", source code site, https://www.squarefree.com/
bookmarklets/validation.html , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{var A=\{\},B=[],D=document,i,e,a,k,y,s,m,u,t,r,j,v,h,q,c,G;function C(t)\{return D.createElement(t)\}function P(p,c)\{p.appendChild(c)\}function T(t)\{return D.createTextNode(t)\}for(i=0;e=D.images
[i];++i)\{a=e.getAttribute("alt");k=escape(e.src)+"%"+(a!=null)+a;if(!A[k])\{y=!!a+(a!=null);s=C("span");s.style.color=["red","gray","green"][y];s.style.fontStyle=["italic","italic",""][y];P(s,T(["missing","empty",a][y]))
;m=e.cloneNode(true);if(m.width>350)m.width=350;B.push([0,7,T(e.src.split('/').reverse()[0]),m,s]);A[k]=B.length;\}u=B[A[k]-1];u[1]=(T(++u[0]));\}t=C("table");t.border=1;r=t.createTHead().insertRow(-1);for(j=0;v=["#","Fil
ename","Image","Alternate text"][j];++j)\{h=C("th");P(h,T(v));P(r,h);\}for(i=0;q=B[i];++i)\{r=t.insertRow(-1);for(j=1;v=q[j];++j)\{c=r.insertCell(-1);P(c,v);\}\}G=open().document;G.open();G.close();P(G.body,t);\})()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Google Search for a Similar Image. [10.050] This one is noteworthy and worked very good for me too!. However, the JavaScript is too long to paste here, but available at either the following source code site or 
My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page). After running the bookmarklet, click an image to search Google for similar ones. I should note that the site https://tineye.com/ does something simi
lar, but I have no idea how it compares with this though. The source code site is http://grafluxe.com/o/bmk/?title=similar-imgs&path=bit.ly%2F2qnAWsP and My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript is (select "Raw" and copy th
e page) https://github.com/flawpc/-Google-Search-for-a-Similar-Image/blob/master/-Google-Search-for-a-Similar-Image\'a0 \'a0 \par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f TinEye. Search Images. [10.060] To search TinEye with the bookmarklet, it appears that you must either select a direct image address (URL), or upload an image file once at their site (or provide a direct image 
URL once there). The source code site is (but the JavaScript below has been modified by removing https://www.tineye.com/bookmarklet# from the beginning of the source code JavaScript): https://sacha.me/bookmarklets/ , with
 javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:void(window.open('http://www.tineye.com/search?pluginver=bookmark_1.0&url='+encodeURIComponent(document.URL)));\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Image Processor Bookmarklet: [10.070] Reverse Image Search with Google, Bing, Tineye, Reddit AND get EXIF data\par
This bookmarklet will do most anything you want with an image. For best results, you should be on a page with just an image, like this one.\par
\par
There is 'soft validation' for filetype; that is, the script checks to see if there is a .jpg/.png/.gif/.jpeg extension - if not, it alerts you but tries the search anyway.\par
\par
Some sites (such as Deviant Art) don't always use a file extension. If you find this alert annoying, just remove the soft validation (UPDATE: SEE THE UPDATED SCRIPT BELOW - I removed the soft validation [See the source co
de site for this updated script]). ...". The JavaScript is too long to be pasted here, but is available at either the source code site, https://www.reddit.com/r/bookmarklets/comments/b25r4w/image_processor_bookmarklet_rev
erse_image_search/ , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/Image-Processor/blob/master/Image-Processor\'a0 \'a0 \par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Thumbalizr. [10.080] Specified for Firefox browser, but works with some other browsers too (although you may have to enter the URL when you reach the Thumbalizr site). "Thumbalizr allows you to create thumbnail
s of any websites you want. All you need to do is enter the URL of the website and hit the thumb it button. Thumbalizr will then generate the thumbnail instantly with size options (width) of 150, 320, 640, 800 and 1024. Y
ou can even customize the width yourself by typing into the textfield provided", info. from the source code site. "Take screenshot of any website. Easily embed thumbnails on your website", info. from Thumbalizr's site, ht
tps://www.thumbalizr.com/ . The source code site is: https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/create-thumbnails-online-with-thumbalizr/1346789309000/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:void(location.href='http://www.thumbalizr.com/?bookmarklet=1&url='+location.href)\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Check or List All Alt Tags [10.090]\'a0\par
For SEO purpose and for user perspective developer need to set relevant alt tags of all images. These alt tags tell search engine and users about image content.\par
\par
Check Alt is bookmarklet highlights images with a green border if image have alt tag".\'a0\par
\par
Presumably this means that only images with a solid very thin green border have an alt tag. The source code site is: https://www.thetechbasket.com/internet/most-useful-bookmarklets/1398/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript: (function() \{\par
function d(s) \{\par
return s == null ? "missing" : "\\"" + s + "\\""\par
\}\par
var c = [0, 0, 0],\par
i, P, a, y, D = document;\par
if (D.createElement("img").getAttribute("alt") != null) alert("Your browser misreports missing alts as empty alts.");\par
for (i = 0; P = D.images[i]; ++i) \{\par
a = P.getAttribute("alt");\par
y = !!a + (a != null);\par
++c[y];\par
P.style.border = "2px " + ["dotted red", "dashed #888", "solid green"][y];\par
P.title = "Alt: " + d(a) + ", Title: " + d(P.getAttribute("title"));\par
\}\par
top.status = "Image alt texts: " + c[0] + " missing, " + c[1] + " empty, " + c[2] + " present"\par
\})()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\'a0\par
\par
"Check or List All Alt Tags [10.100]\'a0\par
\par
For SEO purpose and for user perspective developer need to set relevant alt tags of all images. These alt tags tell search engine and users about image content.\par
\par
...\par
\par
List Alt bookmarklet lists all images with its alt tag". This is similar to list alts above, but has different JavaScript, too long to paste here, but available at either the source code site, https://www.thetechbasket.co
m/internet/most-useful-bookmarklets/1398/ , or My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/list-images-alt-tag-info/blob/master/list-images-alt-tag-info\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Remove Images [10.110]\'a0\par
Just remove it, You can remove all the images loaded in a webpage with one click". The source code site is: https://www.thetechbasket.com/internet/most-useful-bookmarklets/1398/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript: (function() \{\par
function toArray(c) \{\par
var a, k;\par
a = new Array;\par
for (k = 0; k &lt; c.length; ++k) a[k] = c[k];\par
return a;\par
\}\par
var images, img, altText;\par
images = toArray(document.images);\par
for (var i = 0; i &lt; images.length; ++i) \{\par
img = images[i];\par
altText = document.createTextNode(img.alt);\par
img.parentNode.replaceChild(altText, img)\par
\}\par
\})(); \par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Heatmap [10.120]\'a0\par
Check which images of page take most of the time in loading, It also tells time to first paint and full loaded". The source code site is: https://www.thetechbasket.com/internet/most-useful-bookmarklets/1398/ , with javasc
ript as follows:\par
\par
javascript: (function() \{\par
var el = document.createElement('script');\par
el.src = 'https://zeman.github.io/perfmap/perfmap.js';\par
document.body.appendChild(el);\par
\})();\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f11. LANGUAGE & BIBLE, LANGUAGE & INFORMATION SEARCH\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u10013\'3f\u10084\'3f\u9830\'3f Bible Gateway. Holy Bible Search. [11.010]\'a0For Firefox and most other browsers (however, see immediately below). "Look up a passage in the Bible (New King James Version). You can select
 a reference (book ch:vs) or enter one when prompted. Edit the version= part of this bookmarklet if you prefer a different translation or paraphrase. In addition to the NKJV, the Bible Gateway supports NIV, RSV, KJV, NASB
 and more". Actually, it is hundreds of versions of the Bible in the English language! The Bible has been translated into more than 2,000 languages! The source code site is: http://www.worldtimzone.com/bookmarklets/ , wit
h javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:Qr=document.getSelection();if(!Qr)\{void(Qr=prompt('What passage (book chapters:verses) are you looking for in the Bible?',''))\};if(Qr)location.href='http://bible.gospelcom.net/cgi-bin/bible?version=NKJV&passa
ge='+escape(Qr)\par
\par
\par
\u10013\'3f\u10084\'3f\u9830\'3f Bible Gateway. Holy Bible Search.\'a0[11.020] For Internet Explorer generally, and perhaps a few other browsers. "Look up a passage in the Bible (New King James Version). You can select a 
reference (book ch:vs) or enter one when prompted. Edit the version= part of this bookmarklet if you prefer a different translation or paraphrase. In addition to the NKJV, the Bible Gateway supports NIV, RSV, KJV, NASB an
d more". Actually, it is hundreds of versions of the Bible in the English language! The Bible has been translated into more than 2,000 languages! The source code site is: http://www.worldtimzone.com/bookmarklets/ , with j
avascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:Qr=document.selection.createRange().text;if(Qr=='')\{void(Qr=prompt('What passage (book chapters:verses) are you looking for in the Bible?',''))\};if(Qr)location.href='http://bible.gospelcom.net/cgi-bin/bible?v
ersion=NKJV&passage='+escape(Qr)\par
\par
\par
\u10013\'3f\u10084\'3f\u9830\'3f Bible.org/NetBible.org Lumina Drawer.\'a0 \'a0BIG!\'a0\'a0[11.030] Please also see the "NOTE" immediately below. After running the bookmarklet, click the small red upper right corner page 
icon. "Bring the Lumina Drawer to any website.\par
Ever since we introduced the Lumina Drawer, it has become a favorite feature of Bible.org. Its beautiful interface and powerful tools have made it a valuable part of the Bible.org experience. And now we've made it portabl
e... ... The Lumina Drawer Bookmarklet\par
Now you can access the Lumina Drawer on any page you visit on the web so that no matter what you're reading you can examine all things and hold fast to what is good. ... The Lumina Drawer features the NET Bible\par
You'll have access to the complete NET Bible with all 60,000+ translators' notes on any website you visit. Whether you're reading your favorite blog or just catching up on the news of the day, the Lumina Drawer is there t
o help you see what God's word says. ... Your Notes. Anywhere.\par
Take notes in the Lumina Drawer as you read the news, check on your blogs, or browse your social networks. When you come back to the Lumina Study site, the Lumina mobile App for iOS, or open the Drawer on another page, yo
ur notes will be there right where you left them. ... Install the Lumina Bookmarklet\par
Just click and drag the image on the right up to your bookmarks bar. (On some browsers you may have to activate the bookmarks bar to install the bookmarklet.) Any time you would like to access the Lumina Drawer, just clic
k that bookmarklet button and it will show up regardless of what website you're on!". The source code site is: https://bible.org/lumina-drawer , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{var d=document.createElement('SCRIPT');d.src='https://labs.bible.org/api/widgets/javascript/drawer/drawer_parent.js';document.body.appendChild(d); \})()\par
\par
\par
\u10013\'3f\u10084\'3f\u9830\'3f NOTE:\'a0 \'a0 \'a0[11.040]\'a0Please also see this link to more valuable Bible.org/NetBible.org resources and bookmarklet(s): https://bible.org/videos?page=2\'a0 \par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Wikipedia. [11.050] "Quickly search and get answers from [Wikipedia] ...". If you can select the look up item and run the bookmarklet at the same time, I believe you should do that. However, some cannot. In any
 event for all with first use, I suggest copying the look up item before running the bookmarklet, because it should take you to either Wikipedia's main page or a 404 error page with a link to it. A search entry field is t
here where it can always be entered for look up. The JavaScript will not save properly here, so please obtain it at either this source code site, https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivi
ty-ultimate-list/ , or at My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page) https://github.com/flawpc/Wikipedia-search/blob/master/Wikipedia-search\'a0 \par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Dictionary (M-W). Look up a word in the Merriam-Webster Dictionary". For Internet Explorer, see the source code site for an alternate. If you can select the look up item and run the bookmarklet at the same tim
e, I believe you should do that. However, some cannot. In any event for all with first use, I suggest copying the look up item, because it should take you to Merriam-Webster's site having a search entry field and it can a
lways be entered for look up. For Internet Explore, you may want to consider a source code site alternate JavaScript provided. The source code site is: http://www.worldtimzone.com/bookmarklets/, with javascript as follows
:\par
\par
javascript:Qr=document.getSelection();if(!Qr)\{void(Qr=prompt('Enter word to find in Merriam-Webster Dictionary:',''))\}if(Qr)location.href='http://www.m-w.com/cgi-bin/dictionary?'+escape(Qr)+' '\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Acronyms/Abbreviations/Initialisms, Etc. Finder & Meanings, by Acronym Finder (They are great ~ even a Latin abbreviation I did not expect to find showed up in their search results). If you can select the look 
up item and run the bookmarklet at the same time, I believe you should do that. However, some cannot. In any event for all with first use, I suggest copying the look up item, because it should take you to Acronym Finder's
 site having a search entry field and it can always be entered for look up. The source code site is, https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivity-ultimate-list/ , with javascript as follow
s:\par
\par
javascript:Qr=document.getSelection();if(!Qr)%7Bvoid(Qr=prompt('Acronym%20please',''))%7D;if(Qr)location.href='http://www.acronymfinder.com/af-query.asp?String=exact&Acronym='+escape(Qr)+'&Find=Find'\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Dictionary.com. "Quickly search and get answers from [Dictionary.com] ...". If you can select the look up item and run the bookmarklet at the same time, I believe you should do that. However, some cannot. In an
y event for all with first use, I suggest copying the look up item before running the bookmarklet, because it should take you to Dictionary.com's page with a search entry field where it can always be entered for look up. 
The source code site is, https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivity-ultimate-list/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:\u65279\'3f (function()%7B%20q=document.getSelection();%20if(!q)%20q=prompt('Dictionary.com%20Search:');%20if(q)%20location.href='http://dictionary.reference.com/search?\u65279\'3f r=1&q='+escape(q);%20%7D)()\par

\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Urban Dictionary. "Quickly search and get answers from [Urban Dictionary] ...". If you can select the look up item and run the bookmarklet at the same time, I believe you should do that. However, some cannot. I
n any event for all with first use, I suggest copying the look up item before running the bookmarklet, because it should take you to Urban Dictionary's page. A search entry field is there where it can always be entered fo
r look up. The source code site is, https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivity-ultimate-list/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:\u65279\'3f (function()%7Bq=document.getSelection();%20if(!q)%7Bvoid(q=prompt('Slang%20to%20look%20up:',''))%7D;%20if(q)location.href='http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?\u65279\'3f term='+escape(q)%7D)(
)\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Reference.com. "Quickly search and get answers from [Reference.com] ...". If you can select the look up item and run the bookmarklet at the same time, I believe you should do that. However, some cannot. In any 
event for all with first use, I suggest copying the look up item before running the bookmarklet, because it should take you to either one of their general pages or to a 404 or Not Found error page. In either case, there i
s search entry field where it can always be entered for look up. The source code site is, https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivity-ultimate-list/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:\u65279\'3f (function()%7B%20q=document.getSelection();%20if(!q)%20q=prompt('Reference.com%20Search:');%20if(q)%20location.href='http://www.reference.com/search?\u65279\'3f r=1&q='+escape(q);%20%7D)()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "Definitions lets you select a word or an expression from a web page and get the definition from Google. ", source code site, https://googlesystem.blogspot.com/2007/07/useful-google-bookmarklets.html#gsc.tab=0 
, with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:d=""+(window.getSelection?window.getSelection():document.getSelection?document.getSelection():document.selection.createRange().text);d=d.replace(/\\r\\n|\\r|\\n/g," ,");if(!d)d=prompt("Enter the words:", "");if
(d!=null)location="http://www.google.com/search?q=define:"+escape(d).replace(/ /g,"+");void(0);\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f "word frequency Lists the words in [on] the page and how many times each word appears.", source code site, https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/seo.html , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{var T=\{\},W=[],C=0,s,i; function F(n)\{var i,x,a,w,t=n.tagName;if(n.nodeType==3)\{a=n.data.toLowerCase().split(/[\\s\\(\\)\\:\\,\\.;\\&lt;\\>\\&\\'\\%22]/);for(i in a)if(w=a[i])\{w=%22 %22+w;T[w]=
T[w]?T[w]+1:1;++C;\}\}if(t!=%22SCRIPT%22&&t!=%22STYLE%22)for(i=0;x=n.childNodes[i];++i)F(x)\}F(document);for(i in T)W.push([T[i],i]);W.sort(function(a,b)\{var x=b[0]-a[0];return x?x:((b[1]%22+C+%22 words%22;for(i in W)s+=
W[i][0]+%22:%22+W[i][1]+%22\par
%22;with(open().document)\{write(s);close()\}\})()\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Readability Bookmarklet. NC State University IT Accessibility Resources, This grades the writing. "... This tool will show you how readable selected text is on a page. The readability guidelines are based on WC
AG 2 Level AAA Conformance. ... will not work on Google Docs and may not work in other WYSISYG editors. ...", source code site and for more info. to get the most from the bookmarklet, https://accessibility.oit.ncsu.edu/to
ols/readability/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:%20(function()%7Bvar%20yourURL=(window.location.protocol=='http:'?'https://webapps.ncsu.edu/accessibility-readability/readability.php':'https://webapps.ncsu.edu/accessibility-readability/readability.php');funct
ion%20getScript(url,success)%7Bvar%20script=document.createElement('script');script.src=url;var%20head=document.getElementsByTagName('head')%5B0%5D,done=false;script.onload=script.onreadystatechange=function()%7Bif(!done&
&(!this.readyState%7C%7Cthis.readyState=='loaded'%7C%7Cthis.readyState=='complete'))%7Bdone=true;success();script.onload=script.onreadystatechange=null;head.removeChild(script);%7D%7D;head.appendChild(script);%7D%20getScr
ipt(yourURL,function()%7B%7D);%7D)();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f See also, "Outline Bookmarklet. This provides you with a summary outline of the page that you are on. ...", under the 2. WORKING ON & INQUIRY WITH WEB PAGES & LINKS, PRIVACY CONCERNS category above.\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Typographical view. This provides order and better readability, especially for cluttered websites. My prior notes indicate the source code site is Jesse/SquareFree, but I cannot located it there at this time. I
n any event, there is an alternate JavaScript source at My Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page), https://github.com/flawpc/Typographical-view/blob/master/Typographical-view , with javascrip
t as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{var s=%22body%22,c=%22%22,I=%22 ! important;%22,i,b,f,x,h; for(i=0;i<17 b="i" i="" x="i.toString(16);">15?%22FCC%22:x+x+x; f = i>9?%22000%22:%22FFF%22; c += s + %22 \{background: #%22 + b + I + %22
border-color: #%22 + b + I + %22color: #%22 + f + I + %22\}\\n%22; s += %22 *%22; \} if(document.createStyleSheet) \{ document.createStyleSheet(%22javascript:'%22+c+%22'%22); \} else \{ h=document.createElement('link'); h
.rel='stylesheet'; h.href='data:text/css,'+escape(c); document.getElementsByTagName(%22head%22)[0].appendChild(h);\}\})()\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f12. WEB CODE\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f \u8594\'3fMarkdown. "For those who write with Markdown, this bookmarklet uses the wonderful heckyesmarkdown.com to turn your selection, or the entire page, into Markdown-formatted text. Delightfully, it strips 
out the non-content parts of the page (such as navigation, sidebars, and footers). It\u8217\'92s not perfect (and it ironically bombs on this page), but it can be quite useful to turn your writing into Markdown, or to quo
te part of a page in your own blog post. Version 1.0 ...". The source code site is: https://alanhogan.com/bookmarklets , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:!function()\{var%20e,n,o,t,c,r=!1;try\{window.getSelection%26%26(e=window.getSelection())%26%26e.toString().length%3E0%26%26(o=e.getRangeAt(0),n=o.cloneContents(),t=document.createElement(%22div%22),t.appendChi
ld(n.cloneNode(!0)),t.innerHTML.length%3E0%26%26(r=t.innerHTML),c=(document.getElementsByTagName(%22title%22)[0]||\{innerHTML:%22source%22\}).innerHTML)\}catch(e)\{\}window.location.href=r%3F%22http://heckyesmarkdown.com/
go/%3Fread=0%26showframe=1%26html=%22+encodeURIComponent(%22%3Cp%3E[%22+c.replace(%22]%22,%22]%22)+%22](%22+document.location.href+%22)%3C/p%3E\\n%22+r):%22http://heckyesmarkdown.com/go/%3Fread=1%26showframe=1%26u=%22+enc
odeURIComponent(document.location.href)\}();\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f make link. Create the HTML code to make an active link of the title of the current page you are on. This can be invaluable for those who cannot make the required HTML code to do so. Its JavaScript is slightly a
ctive being pasted and saved here. However, the JavaScript can be found at either the 19th bookmarklet, labeled "make link" at the source code site, https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/webdevel.html#make_link , or My 
Site Copy of Source Code JavaScript (select "Raw" and copy the page) https://github.com/flawpc/HTML-code-to-make-an-active-link/blob/master/make-active-link\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f13. MISCELLANEOUS\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Amazon Affiliate Link Bookmarklet Generator. For background creating links to specific products on Amazon (possibly somewhat outdated, but unsure), see also, http://www.phpied.com/short-amazon-affiliate-links-a
-bookmarklet/ . The source code site is: http://www.amazonbookmarklet.com/ , with javascript as follows:\par
\par
javascript:(function()\{ var aff = 'a200-20'; if (!document.getElementById('ASIN')) \{ alert('Could not find the product ID.'); return; \} var asin = document.getElementById('ASIN').value; prompt( 'Here is your link:', 'h
ttp://www.amazon.com/dp/' + asin + '/?tag=' + aff); \})()\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f14. SOME BOOKMARKLET LISTS\u9830\'3f\u9830\'3f:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\u9830\'3f Some Bookmarklet Lists >>> If any page linked to below in either the month of March or April of 2019 becomes unavailable, there are Internet Archive Wayback Machine captures I created. All are presumed function
al because, of those tested, the Links as URLs bookmarklet above revealed underlying JavaScript to copy from "JavaScript links":\par
\par
Hongkiat.com, https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-useful-bookmarklets-for-better-productivity-ultimate-list/\'a0\par
\par
Jesse/SquareFree Bookmarklets (LOADS!), https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0\par
\par
WorldTimZone, http://www.worldtimzone.com/bookmarklets/\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0\'a0\par
\par
The Tech Basket, https://www.thetechbasket.com/internet/most-useful-bookmarklets/1398/\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \par
\par
Digital Inspiration, NOTE that many work with other operating systems too, https://www.labnol.org/software/iphone-ipad-bookmarklets/18969/\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0\par
\par
Some very popular bookmarklets, created and curated by Sacha Schmid, https://sacha.me/bookmarklets/\'a0 \'a0\'a0\par
\par
Subsimple Bookmarklets, NOTE: Not all, but primarily for Windows OS. Often convenient multiple JavaScripts for various individual browsers are provided (WorldTimZone above has a few, not necessarily for Windows OS), http:
//subsimple.com/bookmarklets/collection.php\'a0 \'a0 \par
\par
Yeswap, "These bookmarklets have been tested in Opera Mini 4.4 and most should also work with recent versions of Mobile Internet Explorer, Apple Safari, Palm Blazer, Opera Mini and Mobile, the Android browser and Nokia We
bkit. ...". NOTE: I believe some work with many more browsers (operating systems too), http://o.yeswap.com/#Tools\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \par
\par
Digital Inspiration, https://www.labnol.org/internet/guide-to-useful-bookmarklets/7931/\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \par
\par
LOADS, Includes many from Jesse/SquareFree above and others, together with many links to other bookmarklet lists as part of its list, https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:JesseW/BookmarkletsUniversal\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0
 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0\par
\par
\par
IMPORTANT:\par
\par
PLEASE SEE THE POST "A Lifesaving Unknown MOST DO NOT KNOW".}